Remove broken link from Linux Lighting Group (#2632)
buildkite/docs: pages/test_analytics/importing_junit_xml.md

* `classname`: full class name for the class the test method is in.
* `name`: name of the test method.

> To learn more about the JUnit XML file format, see [JUnit XML reporting file format](https://github.com/testmoapp/junitxml#basic-junit-xml-structure).

Reviewer: Thanks @mbelton-buildkite , looks great!

Do you think it should link to https://github.com/testmoapp/junitxml (top of the README) instead rather than the 'Basic JUnit XML structure' heading (https://github.com/testmoapp/junitxml#basic-junit-xml-structure) on this page?

Happy with either choice.

Author: Sure. I'll update the link text to match the new destination, too.

```suggestion
To learn more about the JUnit XML file format, see [Common JUnit XML format & examples
](https://github.com/testmoapp/junitxml).
```

Reviewer: Good pick-up, I missed that!
